Welcome back.
It's time to build our robo friends app to get started.
Well let's open up our terminal.
We should be comfortable with it by now.
For this section I really really recommend coding along and following along the processes because you
will learn a lot better by actually doing this yourself.
And like I promised.
It's fairly easy and we'll have a beautiful app at the end of it.
But for those that enjoy just watching and working afterwards I will provide the final robo friends
app files for you at the end of this section.
OK.
So we have nothing yet.
We're in the desktop.
We need to actually create a project folder and we do need to install react.
Now if you remember in NPM we could install react and have it as part of our packages in package so
on.
But there's a tool again because re-act ups are so common.
There's a tool that allows us to write a way create a react up with all our files already put in place.
It's called create re-act
app.
This tool is a global package that you want to install from NPM and it creates a starter project that
contains what pack it contains baseball so we can use the latest javascript features.
It contains Linton and debugging that we haven't really looked at yet.
It creates all this infrastructure for you so right away you can start writing the app and it's a very
very good tool that a lot of people use so we're going to install create react up.
If you remember we simply do NPM install Dashti
and this will give us create reactive again if you get these errors.
Always remember to do sudo
now that we have create re-act out we simply say create re-act app and the name of our app.
In our case we'll call it robo friends.
You see that it's installing a bunch of things that we need.
It looks like it's a success created robo friends at my directory and it even gives you some good comments
NPM start NPM run build NPM test NPM Ranja jacked but we'll get to that later.
Let's see what we have in our desktop folder.
We have robo friends that's already been created for us.
OK let's C.D into that.
And now if I do ls who looks like we have a ton of folders and files such as package adjacent that were
already created for us and no modules How awesome is that.
It already installs react in all the dependencies that we need.
As a matter of fact if we go to the desktop we see the folder here.
So let's drag this to Sublime Text.
Open it up and I'm going to change the screens around just so we can see
both of these at the same time.
Now before I show you what's in the folder we see that if we go to package our Jason we see the dependencies
we have react.
We have something called the re-act dam and re-act scripts and we also have a bunch of scripts that
they've already created for us.
We start build test and Jet.
Let's start off with the start because well it looks like start reads the re-act scripts and starts
up our server.
So I'm going to say NPM start
look at that we have on our local host a sample react to so everything's working.
We don't have to do anything except for run just two commands really.
Very cool.
OK.
Let's see what CCRI react to app has created for us.
We have a read me which is just information that you remember when we put it on get Hobb.
This will display.
And the project folder we have package Jaison which again makes sense.
I'll explain to you what the dependencies mean.
And the next video.
But we see that scripts were provided for and all of them use re-act scripts.
Now Riak scripts is what makes KHRAIS react up.
So awesome instead of us installing things like wet pack and baseball.
Do you remember how much setup we had to do to get ESX javascript working.
And then we also use browser horrified to bundled with javascript bots will react scripts does everything
for you and it uses the latest and greatest that we don't need to worry about any of it.
So it allows for people to build really really fast apps and you can use the ject if you end up wanting
to customize the re-act scripts and go on your own.
So as your project gets bigger and bigger you can always eject and customize your app is the best way
to start every act project.
It's managed by the Facebook team and it is really really good.
OK.
We also see that there's package locked database on file and this is a file that automatically is generated
by package like.
It makes sure that the version numbers of your dependencies are locked in so that if I give this project
to anybody else anywhere around the world we make sure that the reversions are correct so that it works
100 percent of the time.
We also have something called good ignore and it has a dot in front of it.
It's actually called a dot file.
And before we run get and push this project on get help.
Well it's check this file and if it sees anything in here that it shouldn't include it automatically
says ignore these files.
So remember how I said no modules we don't want to push that to a repo because while we have packaged
our Jason and Ed creates unnecessary work and wait to push our project Well again we don't care about
known largest folder we don't care about the covers folder which again is about testing we don't need
to cover that.
And we also don't care about the build folders.
And a couple of other ones it just automatically generates this for us we don't need to touch.
We then have well obviously our node modules and you can see over here there is a ton of them that again
create re-act up just builds for us automatically.
We also have a public folder and here we think should be familiar.
We have indexed thought H.M. we have something called manifest Jason.
It's a new feature that allows people to download a shortcut to your Web site and have an icon on their
desktop.
But again we don't need to worry about it.
And then we have traffic on ICAO which is the little icon that shows up at the top over here and he
can change that with whatever iso file you want and there's online tools to generate these for you.
Again something that we don't need to worry about.
And finally we have the SIRC folder that is the source folder.
This is where all the magic re-act happens.
If you look at indexed Yes that is the main script file.
We're doing a few imports which you remember we're just importing different scripts and we're just simply
saying this new syntax that we've never seen before.
Re-act Dom Rander app document get LMM by ID.
OK we know this.
So we're grabbing a element of ID root and we're saying re-act Dom Brender app.
If we go to index thought ASTM file we see here and they have really nice comments.
You can read we see that within the body there is just one div this no script file is in case a browser
isn't using javascript.
Again we don't need to worry about that.
It just comes with the file because it's good practice.
But in the body we just have this div with ID root and nothing else.
Yet when we go to our app we see that.
Well there's definitely something there.
There's a least tax there and least a logo that are going back here.
Without knowing any react we can say that.
OK.
We're grabbing this idea of root an index dot J.S. file and we're saying we want to render this app
component and this is what we call GSX syntax which we'll get into later.
This app is react way of saying this is a react component.
And I want you to render on the screen in the body this so I can actually change this too.
Well we can say H-1 Hello World.
Hello
H-1.
And now if I save this you'll notice that re-act automatically compiles this for us so I don't have
to refresh and look at that on our Web site we have.
Hello world.
Very cool.
Now again another great thing about Korea we act up.
It also gives you warnings that says app is defined but never used.
So if I go over here I'm importing app but I'm never using it.
So we also get really really good advice in our terminal of how we can improve the app.
OK.
The final thing I want to show you before we get into the next section we actually start digging into
the code as you can see the coloring is kind of off.
And that's because Sublime Text doesn't really understand what's going on here.
If we change this to Babel javascript there.
We get the nice syntax and everything looks fine.
Perfect.
We have our app set up I wanted to change the Taghavi here too.
Hello world.
For now just to make sure that everything is working.
But for now you have a set up in the next video we're going to go through the rest of the files and
actually start building our first component.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
I'll see that one.